[RUN-10579] add new policy for GPU and CPU memory (#453)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/workloads/policies.md

``` bash
kubectl apply -f gpupolicy.yaml 
```

Now, try the following command:

``` bash
runai submit --gpu 5 --interactive -p team-a
```

The following message will appear:

```
gpu: must be no greater than 4
```

> A similar message will appear in the _New Job_ form of the Run:ai user interface, when attempting to enter the number of GPUs, which is out of range for an Interactive tab.

Reviewer: Since your example has
kind: TrainingPolicy
need to fix to
```
...er of GPUs, which is out of range for a  training job.
                                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

Author: ```suggestion
A similar message will appear in the _New Job_ form of the Run:ai user interface, when attempting to enter the number of GPUs, which is out of range for an training job.
```
@oferla is this better?

The following policy places a default and limit on the available values for CPU and GPU memory allocation.

```YAML title="gpumemorypolicy.yaml"
apiVersion: run.ai/v2alpha1
kind: TrainingPolicy
metadata:
  name: training-policy
  namespace: runai
spec:
  gpuMemory:
    rules:
      min: 100M
      max: 2G

>   cpuMemory:

Author: ```suggestion
memory:
```
